{
"title":"All about that bass",
"author":"Meghan Trainor",
"genre":"Pop",
"year":2014,
"fullVideo":"https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7PCkvCPvDXk",
"lyrics":"Because you know I'm all about that bass",
"cover":"/images/album_covers/all_about_that_bass.jpg"
}
{
"title":"ONLY",
"author":"Nicki Minaj, Drake, Lil Wayne, Chris Brown",
"genre":"Hip hop",
"year":2014,
"fullVideo":"https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zXtsGAkyeIo",
"lyrics":"Yo, I never fucked Wayne, I never fucked Drake",
"cover":"/images/album_covers/only.jpg"
}
{
"title":"Blame",
"author":"Calvin Harris, John Newman",
"genre":"House",
"year":2014,
"fullVideo":"https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ACl8s_tBzE",
"lyrics":"Can't be sleepin'",
"cover":"/images/album_covers/blame.jpg"
}
{
"title":"Gold",
"author":"Imagine Dragons",
"genre":"Indie",
"year":2015,
"fullVideo":"https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Rl3ELiPXFRo",
"lyrics":"First comes the blessing of all that you've dreamed",
"cover":"/images/album_covers/gold.jpg"
}
{
"title":"Shake it off",
"author":"Taylor Swift",
"genre":"Pop",
"year":2014,
"fullVideo":"https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nfWlot6h_JM",
"lyrics":"I stay out too late, got nothing in my brain",
"cover":"/images/album_covers/shake_it_off.jpg"
}
{
"title":"Masterpiece",
"author":"Jessie J",
"genre":"Pop",
"year":2014,
"fullVideo":"https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PTOFEgJ9zzI",
"lyrics":"So much pressure, why so loud?",
"cover":"/images/album_covers/masterpiece.jpg"
}
{
"title":"L.A. LOVE (la la)",
"author":"Fergie",
"genre":"Hip hop",
"year":2015,
"fullVideo":"https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GLyP0B2Q-R4",
"lyrics":"La la la la la",
"cover":"/images/album_covers/la_love.jpg"
}
{
"title":"Time of our lives",
"author":"Pitbull, Ne-Yo",
"genre":"Pop",
"year":2014,
"fullVideo":"https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bTXJQ5ql5Fw",
"lyrics":"I knew my rent was gon' be late about a week ago",
"cover":"/images/album_covers/time_of_our_lives.jpg"
}
{
"title":"I don't mind",
"author":"Usher, Juicy",
"genre":"Soul",
"year":2014,
"fullVideo":"https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nSKUXqJ5l1k",
"lyrics":"Yeah",
"cover":"/images/album_covers/i_dont_mind.jpg"
}
{
"title":"I'm not the only one",
"author":"Sam Smith",
"genre":"Pop",
"year":2014,
"fullVideo":"https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nCkpzqqog4k",
"lyrics":"You and me we made a vow",
"cover":"/images/album_covers/im_not_the_only_one.jpg"
}
{
"title":"Outside",
"author":"Calvin Harris, Ellie Goulding",
"genre":"Pop",
"year":2014,
"fullVideo":"https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J9NQFACZYEU",
"lyrics":"Look at what you've done",
"cover":"/images/album_covers/outside.jpg"
}
{
"title":"I don't fuck with you",
"author":"Big Sean, E-40",
"genre":"Rap",
"year":2015,
"fullVideo":"https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cZaJYDPY-YQ",
"lyrics":"Uh-huh",
"cover":"/images/album_covers/i_dont_fuck_with_you.jpg"
}
{
"title":"The hear wants what it wants",
"author":"Selena Gomez",
"genre":"Pop",
"year":2014,
"fullVideo":"https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ij_0p_6qTss",
"lyrics":"You got me sippin' on something",
"cover":"/images/album_covers/the_heart_wants_what_it_wants.jpg"
}
{
"title":"Thinking out loud",
"author":"Ed Sheeran",
"genre":"Soul",
"year":2014,
"fullVideo":"https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lp-EO5I60KA",
"lyrics":"When your legs don't work like they used to before",
"cover":"/images/album_covers/thinking_outloud.jpg"
}
{
"title":"Take me to church",
"author":"Hozier",
"genre":"Indie Rock",
"year":2013,
"fullVideo":"https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVjiKRfKpPI",
"lyrics":"My lover's got humor",
"cover":"/images/album_covers/take_me_to_church.jpg"
}
{
"title":"Lips are movin",
"author":"Meghan Trainor",
"genre":"Pop",
"year":2014,
"fullVideo":"https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qDc_5zpBj7s",
"lyrics":"If your lips are moving, if your lips are moving",
"cover":"/images/album_covers/lips_are_movin.jpg"
}
{
"title":"Love me harder",
"author":"Ariana Grande, The Weeknd",
"genre":"Pop",
"year":2014,
"fullVideo":"https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g5qU7p7yOY8",
"lyrics":"Tell me something I need to know",
"cover":"/images/album_covers/love_me_harder.jpg"
}
{
"title":"Jealous",
"author":"Nick Jonas",
"genre":"Pop",
"year":2014,
"fullVideo":"https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yw04QD1LaB0",
"lyrics":"I don't like the way he's looking at you",
"cover":"/images/album_covers/jealous.jpg"
}
{
"title":"Blank Space",
"author":"Taylor Swift",
"genre":"Pop",
"year":2014,
"fullVideo":"https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e-ORhEE9VVg",
"lyrics":"Nice to meet you, where you been?",
"cover":"/images/album_covers/blank_space.jpg"
}
{
"title":"Uptown Funk",
"author":"Mark Ronson, Bruno Mars",
"genre":"Funk",
"year":2014,
"fullVideo":"https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OPf0YbXqDm0",
"lyrics":"This hit, that ice cold",
"cover":"/images/album_covers/uptown_funk.jpg"
}
{
"title":"",
"author":"",
"genre":"",
"year":"",
"fullVideo":"",
"lyrics":"",
"cover":
}